This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.
Terrible phone holder.
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.
How stupid is that?
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.
Good show, Samsung.
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.
Couldn't figure it out
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.
Works for me.
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
much better than the hard plastic cases.
It also had a new problem.
Happy so far!.
cool phone.
Works good.
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.
but it is great, i would really recommend it
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!
Never got it!!!!!
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.
I'm returning them.
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.
nice leather.
I had to purchase a different case.
It is a joy to use.
Very much disappointed with this company.
Very satisifed with that.
It didn't charge for me.
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!
Buttons are too small.
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.
Love it.. Great armband.
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.
Also makes it easier to hold on to.
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!
It's pretty easy.
I cannot make calls at certain places.
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.
Beautiful styling though.
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.
I'm trying to return it for a refund.
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.
Excellent product.
Earbud piece breaks easily.
Lousy product.
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.
SWEETEST PHONE!!!
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.
Not enough volume.
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.
don't waste your money.
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.
Phone falls out easily.
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.
Painful on the ear.
Lasted one day and then blew up.
disappointed.
Kind of flops around.
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.
Item Does Not Match Picture.
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  
I rather enjoyed it.  
I liked it.  
I couldn't take them seriously.  
It really created a unique feeling though.  
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  
Her role was played well.  
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  
The camera really likes her in this movie.  
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  
Even worse than Ticker!  
& That movie was bad.  
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  
It just blew.  
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  
Wow, what a bad film.  
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  
Not even good for camp value!  
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  
Even the squibs look awful.  
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  
The directing is sloppy at best.  
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  
Of course, the acting is blah.  
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  
But this movie really got to me.  
See it.  
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  
Wow... Loved this place.
Crust is not good.
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.
The fries were great too.
A great touch.
Service was very prompt.
Would not go back.
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.
Highly recommended.
Waitress was a little slow in service.
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.
did not like at all.
The Burrittos Blah!
The food, amazing.
Service is also cute.
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.
So they performed.
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.
- They never brought a salad we asked for.
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.
The worst was the salmon sashimi.
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.
This was like the final blow!
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
Overall, I like this place a lot.
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
Ample portions and good prices.
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!
Service sucks.
The shrimp tender and moist.
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
Their chow mein is so good!
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.
The portion was huge!
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.
We'd definitely go back here again.
We are so glad we found this place.
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.
A great way to finish a great.
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
- Really, really good rice, all the time.
The service was meh.
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.
The turkey and roast beef were bland.
This place has it!
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!
Omelets are to die for!
Everything was fresh and delicious!
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!
Best breakfast buffet!!!
say bye bye to your tip lady!
We'll never go again.
Will be back again!
Food arrived quickly!
It was not good.
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.
