So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	 
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
Hated it.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
